# Web_Programming2_ReactJS

This is an api in Node.js for creating tasks, updating tasks and deleting tasks. It also adds and deletes comments for a particular task. 

This api also logs all the requested body, requested route and url address. 
It also keeps a count of the times a particular route has been requeted. 

For installing the packages run : npm install 
For starting the server: npm start

MongoDB is used. The name of the database is Kalsekar-Saloni-CS554-Lab1

The routes used are 

GET	
/api/tasks	
Shows a list of tasks. By default, it will show the first 20 tasks in the collection. If a querystring (Links to an external site.)Links to an external site.variable ?skip=n is provided, you will skip the first n tasks. If a querystring variable ?take=y is provided, it will show y number of results. By default, the route will show up to 20 tasks; at most, it will show 100 tasks.

GET	
/api/tasks/:id	
Shows the task with the supplied ID

POST	
/api/tasks	
Creates a task with the supplied detail and returns created object; fails request if not all details supplied

PUT	
/api/tasks/:id	
Updates the task with the supplied ID and returns the new task object; task: PUT calls must provide all details of the new state of the object! Note you cannot manipulate comments in this route!

PATCH	
/api/tasks/:id	
Updates the task with the supplied ID and returns the new task object; task: PATCH calls only provide deltas of the value to update! Note you cannot manipulate comments in this route!

POST	
/api/tasks/:id/comments	
Adds a new comment to the task; ids must be generated by the server, and not supplied

DELETE	
/api/tasks/:taskId/:commentId	
Deletes the comment with an id of commentId on the task with an id of taskId
